# Presenting Yourself to The Bootcamp

You are encouraged to make yourself visible and knowable to others in the bootcamp. It has been found that the students with the easiest time in getting a job also tend to be those who work together actively with each other.

## Do coders like privacy?

Many coders over the decades have earned a reputation for preferring to hide in a dark corner and avoid human contact. Is this true? Who even knows?

If it's true for you, be sure to set aside that preference until you graduate from the bootcamp, and get a job. Your social skills will help you get through the bootcamp, and they will help you find a job.

## What Practical Steps?

- Your picture! Make sure it's on your slack feed, make sure you are visible in checkin zoom meetings and even github repo.
- Your name. If you are Thomas K. in real life and wgamer32 as your favorite ID, use Thomas K. as your handle in slack and zoom.
- Volunteer to help other students.
- Take up other students on their offer to help. Think of it as a way to help them solidify their learning, if that helps motivate you in this direction.

## Networking 101

Your career is built by building a network of people who know you and care about your skills as a developer.

This topic is enough for a whole separate bootcamp, but since we won't touch that here, you can simply think about building your relationships here as a very important part of building your network.

Please note! Previous bootcamp students have been a reliable source of good jobs and referrals!
