# Preparing Your Computer for Successful Bootcamp

Will your computer support you well in this bootcamp?

Here are some perspectives you might consider.

## Which Issues are Critical, and When?

Interestingly, there are 3 major use cases that your computer needs to fit. One isn't as obvious as you might at first guess.

1. Writing code.
2. Running code, especially in more complex server setups
3. Running code and sharing your screen over zoom

#1 is pretty easy - most any box will do, but an underpowered box might not run the required IDE as quickly.
#2 might bump up against memory and processing power or memory limits on an old or underpowered box.
#3 can be a real nightmare if you are trying to share your screen, run the code, and get some help on zoom.

The bottom line is that an older underpowered box might allow you to finish the course and get a job, but it could be much more difficult for you than the student with a faster more powerful box. Repetive tasks that take seconds could take minutes, and sharing over zoom might be almost impossible.

Sometimes we will advocate against trying to make do with an underpowered box, if there is a reasonable alternative, like borrowing a fast laptop from your uncle or cousin :)

## If Your Box is a Mac

Welcome! A lot of developers use Macs - and you'll find them a top choice among the most senior developers worldwide.

There are two major considerations though - be sure to be aware of them.

1. The course is written in a Windows-centric way.
2. Consumer grade Macs might be underpowered especially on the memory side.

Neither of the above is a deal killer, but be aware of each. Adjustments might be required on your part - such as finding different editors than the Windows Notepad+ that Trevor uses in the course videos.

## Fixing Hidden Files/Folders Visibility

placeholder

## Fixing File Extension Visibility

placeholder

## Migrating to VSCode for HTML and CSS?

placeholder

## If Your Box is Linux

placeholder

## Time Budget for Zoom

If you don't already live on zoom like some of us (sigh) then there might
be some awkwardness on your first calls.

- Getting accustomed to muting
- Setting up speaker and microphone
- Learning which buttons to click for sharing your screen effectively
- Setting your name
- When to turn your video on and off
- Blurring background and using photos as a background

Rather than prescribing a how to for each of the above, perhaps it is just best to suggest budgeting some time and patience for your first meetings, until it becomes second nature.

If there
Additionally, there are more minor issues of operating systems
For most students with a late model windows computer, this page can be mostl
- memory management
- zoom sharing understanding
- version control